Add details about .NET 8 `IsAotCompatible` prop (#35755)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trimming/prepare-libraries-for-trimming.md

To create your sample app, first create a separate console application project with `dotnet new console` and modify the project file to look like the following. No changes to the source code are necessary. You need to do the following in your project file:

- Set the PublishTrimmed property to `true` with `<PublishTrimmed>true</PublishTrimmed>` in a `<PropertyGroup>` tag.
- Add a reference to your library project with `<ProjectReference Include="/Path/To/YourLibrary.csproj" />` inside of an `<ItemGroup>` tag.
- Specify your library as a trimmer root assembly with `<TrimmerRootAssembly Include="YourLibraryName" />` in an `<ItemGroup>` tag.
  - This ensures that every part of the library is analyzed. It tells the trimmer that this assembly is a "root" that means the trimmer analyzes the assembly as if everything were used, and traverses all possible code paths that originate from that assembly. This is necessary in case the library has `[AssemblyMetadata("IsTrimmable", "True")]`, which would otherwise let trimming remove the unused library without analyzing it.

> - If your app targets .NET 6, set the TrimmerDefaultAction property to `link` with `<TrimmerDefaultAction>link</TrimmerDefaultAction>` in a `<PropertyGroup>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your app targets .NET 6, set the `TrimmerDefaultAction` property to `link` with `<TrimmerDefaultAction>link</TrimmerDefaultAction>` in a `<PropertyGroup>` element.
```

### DynamicDependency

> This attribute can be used to indicate that a member has a dynamic dependency on other members. This results in the referenced members being kept whenever the member with the attribute is kept, but doesn't silence warnings on its own. Unlike the other attributes that teach the trim analysis about the reflection behavior of your code, `DynamicDependency` only keeps other members. This can be used together with `UnconditionalSuppressMessageAttribute` to fix some analysis warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This attribute can be used to indicate that a member has a dynamic dependency on other members. This results in the referenced members being kept whenever the member with the attribute is kept, but doesn't silence warnings on its own. Unlike the other attributes, which inform the trim analysis about the reflection behavior of your code, `DynamicDependency` only keeps other members. This can be used together with `UnconditionalSuppressMessageAttribute` to fix some analysis warnings.
```
